hey everybody this is Erica the
technology nerd likes to film stuff and
today I just wanted to make a fun video
about something that means something to
me
so I am NOT one of those ladies who can
carry around a purse
I hate purses I just just don't even go
there with me don't send me a purse ever
but what I do like our backpacks and
that's always been a thing for me
because I can put all my stuff in it
it's got tons of compartments I can keep
things organized and I've been needing a
new one so I call my backpack with a
pack of awesome it's just basically
everything that I really love that I
must have with me on the go and I just
got this one here this is actually the
Nintendo switch elite player backpacks
there's a really hard to find right now
you can get them on Amazon though I went
to gamestop and there it was on the wall
now I know this looks comically
hilariously huge next to me but it's
actually not that big I'm just really
really tiny so this is my new pack of
Awesome and I want to show you what keep
it here obviously if it's switched
branded it's going to be a lot of
Nintendo stuff in here also if you are
interested in the elite player backpacks
that should show you what you can fit in
here and as we're doing this in the
comments actually below let me know what
you have in your pack of Awesome or what
you call your pack of Awesome so
starting off with this front pouch here
actually give you a little card guide so
that you know what can fit in each of
these pouches so while it's of course
it's got to be Nintendo seamed wallet
I've got my Kindle in there as well so
they give you some slots for cartridges
so since here got some Game Boy Advance
games other various cartridges you can
see that you've got a little pouch here
as well for game cartridges so very very
simple front pouch and we've got a pouch
right here at the top and I just got the
controller dock for the joy con you can
put anything you want in here and what's
really nice as these pockets are nice
soft in mind then moving on to the
middle pouch here you can actually fit a
nice sized laptop in here I've got my 15
inch MacBook
open the touch bar one so it is really
nice and spin but it can also fit my 15
inch big clunker in there as well that
thing's like seven pounds I think this
should be able to hold it just fine
and right here you can see you've got a
headphone pouch now I don't like big
cans
I just prefer a little earbud what I've
decided to put in here as a collection
of Gameboy so these are just a couple of
Gameboy Advance and peas in their clubs
Nintendo pouches it really missed when
Nintendo used to have that so we've got
the peak at USP and I also have a big
unit and of course nothing is complete
without the Gameboy micro so there's the
little micro as well and lastly there is
the third compartment and that one is
actually really pretty neat and just a
lot of things organized so if you can
see this you've actually got three sets
of pouches for joy Conn controllers I'm
actually just keeping the little joy
Conn covers in there for now you've got
a pouch for the pro controller I'm not
going to get the pro controller to be
for me anyway so just keeping the 3d
oats XL in there curled white version
and again everything is really nice and
lined so nothing's going to get
scratched up right here in a switch
pocket so I don't have to worry about
that getting scratched up in there but
it's perfect fit it just slide it in
there it's got a little velcro strap
there so everything is nice and secure
okay so I have wrangled this made it a
little bit easier on me as I was
beginning kind of crazy to show you so
with this switch pocket I really like
this it makes the switch extremely
easily accessible and I absolutely love
the switch so I fully intend to carry
this absolutely everywhere I go but it's
very very easy and very protective as
well then we've got another pouch right
here which is actually for the switch
doc I don't really know how much I'm
going to be carrying that around though
so instead I have put like a true fan
another 3ds XL inside the hard case so
it doesn't get damaged this is my
favorite unit this is the limited
edition
so glio and lutein Allah and of course
there's some games there as well then
lastly down here at the bottom this
one's a little bit hard to see this is
for your chords and for your charters so
hard to get to so let's not go there but
yeah definitely bail out the chords to
Chargers for the 3d s is front a switch
for the game boys it's all there what I
really love about this backpack is that
it looks so clean I think it's a really
nice looking pack and I really like that
switch insignia there plus on the back
you can see that we've got the joy cons
that are stitched into it so that's a
nice touch so that's about it just
really wanted to show you this elite
player backpack and it's a really nice
one if you guys want to keep your
Nintendo switch stuff organized and if
you're trying to figure out if you can
keep some school type stuff in there
like books or laptops or whatever you
should be just fine on the go so let me
know what you think about this and if
you have a pack of awesome as well since
if it's an Erica the technology aired
likes to film Stephanie's rate comment
and subscribe now darn it I'm going to
have to get everything back in here and
organized again